Anyone can propose legislation and everyone votes on all legislation. If you choose to you can delegate your legislative votes to a registered delegate who will vote for you. There will be a limit on the amount of voters a delegate can represent. Once a bill reaches a quorum of 58.33333333% (or a 7/12ths majority) with the people it goes to the Senate. There is only one chamber, not two. Senators are elected representatives whose only job is to vote on legislation that reaches a quorum with the people. Senators do not propose legislation. Once the bill passes the Senate with more than a 50% majority it goes to the Chief Executive to sign the bill into law.

Senators will not be elected from geographic districts. Instead we will use something called Decentralized Representation. The total population of Earth will be divided randomly into approximately 4000 sets of 2,000,000 people. Each of these random sets of people will elect a representative to the Senate. So, there will be approximately 4000 Senators in the Senate. The term length for Senators is six years with a maximum of two terms per person.

The Chief Executive will be elected through three or four rounds of voting with a progressively smaller field of candidates in each round until the final round of voting of just two candidates. The candidate with the most votes in the final round of voting becomes Chief Executive. The term length for the Chief Executive is six years with a maximum of two terms per person.

There will be a court system where laws can be challenged. It will be a tiered system of courts and the cases will move up the ladder. The judiciary will essentially be modeled after the U.S. court system with few changes. There will be a Supreme Court made up of 215 Justices appointed by the Chief Executive for lifetime terms.

Everyone will be given a certain amount of money to donate to the candidates of their choice. This money can only be spent on political campaigns. If someone chooses not to donate to any candidate, the money just disappears. People can only donate this specific money. They cannot donate any more money. This ensures that every single person can donate the exact same amount of money to political campaigns. Corporations are not permitted to participate in politics in any way. Only people can participate in politics. Corporations are not people.
